Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Looks like an all nighter.
- Yeah, make that an all weeker, bro.
How you doing?
How was Palm Springs?
Excellent. Excellent.
Hey, can you sport this for me?
Oh, yeah, that's good, Steve.
Brain food, huh?
Hey, I'm gonna need this.
This is a good sugar boost for me.
I have my first intramural volleyball
game against the Deltas later.
A game, right at the beginning
of finals? Whose great idea was that?
Hey, I don't make the schedule.
Oh, yeah, well, I guess
with the KEG super cram,
you're not gonna be fazed
by it anyway, are you?
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Since I got back from winter vacation,
things at the house have been chilly.
Are you kidding me?
After we got your charges dropped,
I thought they'd be erecting
a beer-can statue in your honor.
Not quite.
I think some of the brothers
may feel I ratted to get off.
Does Mike Ryan think that?
No, Ryan doesn't think that.
But Sears has a lot of friends.
If you think Sears
is the one who set you up,
I say you blow the whistle on him.
My dad said not to make waves.
Yeah, maybe he's right.
After your brothers see what a great
spiker you are on the volleyball court,
I'm sure you'll be
their golden boy again.
Well, I hope so.
You wanna come to the game?
No, I have to tutor D'Shawn Hardell.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Because in order to get
the charges against you dropped,
I had to promise Randall
I'd help D'Shawn prepare for his finals.
Which is the same thing
you should be doing.
Yeah, I know, but come on.
With all the static at the KEG house,
it's hard for me to concentrate.
Well, you're not the only one.
I saw Silver today, man.
He is freaked.
Why? Because he and Donna
broke up?
No, because they're still sharing
the same apartment.
How can he break up with me
on Christmas?
And all because
I wouldn't sleep with him.
Donna, stop tearing yourself up.
You've made your decision.
Now don't be ashamed to live with it.
Has anybody seen my Cliff Notes?
On the couch.
So how you doing?
Why couldn't Shakespeare write
in normal English like everyone else?
I meant, about us.
Look, I told you already.
After finals, we'll figure it out, all right?
We've both got enough
to worry about right now.
David, if you have a problem,
then it's my problem too.
I've got four finals, two term papers,
and a radio show every night.
Which one of my problems
you wanna start with?
Well, is there anything I can do?
Yeah, you can stay out of my way.
I'll get it. Hello?
Hey, Kel.
No, no, just called to check in,
see if you were studying.
Did you have any doubt?
Never.
Dylan, what's going on there?
Sounds like you're at the Mardi gras.
Oh, well, that is Erica.
I bought her one
of those electric keyboards, you know?
Having a family around,
it's like being at the carnival every day.
Well, they seem nice.
Yeah. Anyway, I just called
to wish you luck.
Thanks. I love you.
All right, you too.
You are a pretty quick learner.
Do you wanna hear it
so it sounds like a trumpet?
Hey, I wasn't born yesterday, okay?
I know a few things about the trumpet.
This is never
gonna sound like a trumpet.
Oh, yeah? Just listen.
That sounds like a trumpet.
It's amazing.
And if you buy another one,
we can jam.
There's a plan, huh?
- What are you doing?
- I'm just looking over the classifieds.
The holidays are over, it's time
we stopped being a burden on you.
No, Suzanne. You're no burden.
Well, this will be better.
I'll find a job,
and we'll get a place of our own.
Then you can have a sister
and a life.
Now do you wanna hear it
so it sounds like a flute?
Hey...
Honey, why don't you try
learning another song, okay?
I'd like to play some Aerosmith.
But would you settle
for "Swanee River"?
Rock on, sister.
You know, after the flood,
I never thought
I'd get a second chance.
Well, maybe we're all
getting a second chance.
Well, my Stats final tomorrow.
Wednesday, I have Romantic Poetry,
then Theater History.
And on Thursday, I have English A.
Plus on top of all that,
I still have to work.
Well, talk about killer schedules,
I have three finals in one day.
Andrea, stop being so neurotic.
You could ace them all in your sleep.
I'd feel a whole lot better
if I'd hear from Jesse.
What's going on?
We made an agreement
we wouldn't talk during finals
so I could concentrate.
But I can't concentrate because I keep
wondering why he hasn't called.
- Well, why don't you call him?
- I can't. We made an agreement.
Okay, so maybe I am
just a little neurotic.
Yeah, well, welcome to the club.
Of course, living on the same floor
with Dan Rubin
hasn't made it any easier.
Andrea, try and remember.
It's better to be the rejector
than the rejectee.
Just ask Donna.
Well, I wish I didn't have
to be either.
- Hi.
Do you live on the floor?
Yeah. I'm Andrea Zuckerman.
I'm Cathy Fisher,
your new resident advisor.
- What happened to Dan Rubin?
- Beats me.
All I know is that he requested
transfer to another dorm.
I see.
Well, welcome.
Thanks.
Keep it going.
Get it, Keith. Get it, Keith.
Hey, man, you gonna eat
your MoonPie?
Here, Muntz, knock yourself out.
Good try. Come on.
All right, time out.
Forget it, man. We'll get it back.
Let's get set up to return.
Keith, Carlos, you guys are out.
Taylor, Jackson, you guys come in.
Hey, wait a second.
What about me?
What about you? You can use
the pine time to study for your finals.
Put me in, John. This is my sport.
At the Beverly Hills Beach Club,
I've been the captain
of the champion team two years.
You got me sitting on the bench?
What's up with that?
All right. Powell, you're out.
Muntz, you come in.
- So this is how it's gonna be?
- Yeah, that's how it's gonna be.
Sit down, Sanders.
You'll get your chance.
KEG!
- All right.
Figuring out how many points
you're gonna score against USF?
Hey, man, come on in.
I've been expecting you.
You have?
Well, you could've fooled me,
the TV's not on.
- What's the matter, cable out?
- There you go, being your harsh self.
- I'm ready to be tutored, man.
- You're not kidding?
I need something to take my mind off
the San Francisco game.
I'm starting Thursday.
You know what I'm saying?
If you're gonna get
this nervous about every game,
you could probably graduate
in two years.
I'm not fooling.
I'm taking the final tomorrow too.
Man, I'm down with soc.
You're down with soc?
You heard me.
Back home in my 'hood, I witnessed
a sociological system firsthand
and could identify its different strata.
You read chapter five.
I'm impressed.
And chapter six.
Interdependent organizations?
That's nothing but a basketball team.
Was it something
I said turned you around?
No, man. Something D'Tasha said.
D'Tasha, is that the girlfriend?
The twin sister.
She made me study
the whole damn holiday.
She said she'd whip my lazy butt
if I didn't start
getting more out of college.
She works for minimum wage
at a tire plant, you understand?
Yeah, I do. I got a twin sister myself.
Then you know
what I'm talking about.
- Come on, man, let's hit it.
- Yeah, man.
Yeah?
- Hey, Bren.
- Hey.
Sorry to interrupt, but I must have just
missed your dad at the office.
Well, he's in the living room,
grumbling over some bills
as we speak.
- Have you studied?
- Yeah, I'm getting there.
You know, these Romantic poets
are driving me crazy.
I don't think I will ever remember
who wrote what to whom and why.
Come over tomorrow.
We'll sort it out.
Well, thank you.
You can spend some time
with Suzanne and Erica.
I gotta tell you, Bren.
She is the cutest kid.
It must be pretty incredible finding out
that you have a family all of a sudden.
I hope your father sees it that way.
Bye.
You wanna do what?
I wanna give them ten grand.
Just enough to help them
get back on their feet.
You know, Dylan, I warned you
about this from the very beginning.
All sorts of scam artists
coming out of the woodwork,
laying claim to your inheritance.
Nobody is laying claim
to anything, Jim.
I'm the one who's offering.
How do you know
they are who they say they are?
Has she shown you any proof?
No.
- Pictures, anything?
- No.
Jim, but look,
you didn't trust my father to begin with,
and he turned out
an awful lot different than you thought.
It's my money.
I know.
And I know how much it means
to you to have a sense of family,
but, Dylan, you gotta be careful.
It's ten grand, Jim.
All right.
How about you give them
5,000 for a start.
With one condition.
What?
She gives you
her Social Security number.
For, like, a tax write-off?
- No, so I can do a background check.
- What am I supposed to say to her?
"Look, here's some money to help you,
but I don't really trust you"?
Blame it on
your cynical business manager.
Hey, if she's legit,
she won't have any problems with it.
The Best
of the David Silver Show?
That's an oxymoron, isn't it?
Like jumbo shrimp
or wireless cable or something.
Come on, Howard. Why can't we just
rebroadcast one of my old shows?
Just so I can get through finals.
Silver, we go live 24 hours a day.
It's a bear, but we love it.
It's just kind of a rough time
right now.
I just broke up with Donna.
Oh, man. That is tough.
I hurt her pretty badly,
but I know it was for the best.
Then let her buck. Cut loose.
Don't mope, do the show.
I'm not looking to mope,
I'm looking to study.
I've got finals in classes
I've hardly been in.
All right, I hear you. Close the door.
Crystal meth.
The drug of choice
for long-distance truckers
and DJ's
who wanna take their finals.
This will do the trick.
I don't know, man. What does it do?
Everything.
Do a hit right now, study.
You'll go through your work
like a chainsaw through butter.
Then you do a bit
right before your 2 a. m. Shift,
you'll be in cruise control
till morning.
Get the OJ out of my fridge.
- Here you go.
- Thanks, Silver.
You didn't happen
to hear my radio show, did you?
No, David, I didn't.
Then you just missed one of the
greatest raps of the 20th century.
You know how everyone's
so uptight about finals?
I just tied it into
the whole health care business,
the environment,
campus parking, nuclear testing,
leaving price tags on gifts.
Everything that makes us
so paranoid.
- Really?
- You know what I think?
I think we were taught to live in fear.
Like, any second,
disaster's gonna strike
and we gotta be ready for it,
but you know what?
You can't.
There's nothing you can do.
If something's gonna happen,
it's gonna happen.
So you just gotta go with the flow
and stop being so scared all the time.
It was all in my show.
You didn't hear it?
No, I'm sorry, I was sleeping.
But I get the drift of it,
and it sounds great.
I gotta tell you,
it's one of the best shows
I've ever done.
David, I don't understand.
I thought you didn't wanna
have anything to do with me.
How can I,
when we're living together?
Well, that's what I was hoping
we could talk about.
I think we need
to decide what we are to each other.
Listen, everything's
gonna be fine, all right?
Don't worry about it.
Do we have any orange juice left?
Oh, hey, Kel, listen,
don't go anywhere, all right?
I wanna tell you
all about the radio show.
What's with Mr. Motor Mouth?
He must have had too much coffee.
You know, Kel,
I think things are gonna work out.
- Hey, bro, did you study?
- Barely. I think I'm flunking life, Bran.
What's the matter?
Did the KEGs lose?
No, the KEGs won.
I got to play two minutes
of garbage time in the last match.
Sears froze me out.
KEG brothers are treating me
like I have the plague or something.
Well, you could always
become an ex-frat slob.
I don't think I'm gonna
give Sears the satisfaction.
So I think I'm gonna
make a few waves.
Gonna tell Ryan
what happened during hazing?
Yeah. I'm gonna name names.
Well, what about
your father's advice?
I never took his advice before,
so why should I start now?
Okay, people,
it's all come down to this.
Let's close the back doors, please.
This final has begun.
- I should have known.
- Known what? What's the matter?
D'Shawn's not here.
You got a pencil?
You're the best.
Sing it, Bren.
Camptown ladies sing this song
Doo-dah, doo-dah
Yeah, like that.
Camptown race-track's five miles...
Oh, dah doo dah day, yeah
Gonna run all night
Gonna run all day
Bet my money on a bob-tail nag
- Somebody bet on the bay.
- The bay.
Yeah.
Very good.
If you two are gonna get
any studying done, you better go do it.
Oh, one more time through
and we will have it down.
Yeah, we need some percussion. Grab
a bongo drum, knock yourself out.
Why don't you invite
the neighborhood
and we'll just have
a marching band?
Hey, not a bad idea,
what do you say, sis?
Hey, Suzanne, how did it go?
Oh, I don't know.
There don't seem to be
too many openings for paste-up artists.
Looking for a job
is the worst, isn't it?
I might just have
to go back to waitressing.
Suzanne, could I talk
to you outside a minute?
Five thousand dollars?
I know you've been wanting
to get your own place and, you know,
I figured there'd be
some expenses, so...
Dylan, I don't know,
I really feel funny about this.
Please don't.
It's something I wanna do for you.
Well, as long as you understand
this is just a loan.
As soon as I get a job,
I'm gonna pay you back.
Suzanne, there's one more thing.
And I really hope
that you don't have a problem with it.
I've got to get
your Social Security number.
My Social Security number?
My business manger,
he runs a background check
on everyone that I deal with.
Oh, I see.
I told him he was being overprotective,
you know?
But he says he's looking out
for my best interest.
And obviously, you agree with him.
I didn't say that.
But it is what you meant.
You want
my Social Security number? Fine.
And why don't you take
my fingerprints too?
Call America's Most Wanted.
You are just like your father.
Take your damn check.
I am not for sale.
Suzanne...
Suzanne, hey,
I didn't mean it like that.
David? David, wake up.
What? What's going on?
It's 3:30. Don't you have
your Music Theory final at 4?
Yeah, thanks.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing is wrong.
Well, if it's any consolation,
I'm not feeling so hot myself.
Jackie corralled me
into having dinner with her.
I'm sure I have to sit there
and listen to her rave on
about how the judge
has it in for her.
Oh, that sounds rough.
Hey, knock it off.
You might pull that attitude with
Donna, but you're not gonna with me.
Listen, I'm sorry, okay?
All I'm saying is,
if you don't wanna go, don't go.
What are you getting
on my back for?
- So the test challenged you, I hope.
- Yeah, it did.
Look, I gotta apologize to you.
I don't know
what happened to D'Shawn.
We really spent
a lot of time studying,
and he promised me he'd be here.
Well, it's no problem.
He's up in the Bay area.
Why? The game isn't till tomorrow.
Yeah, but the public-relations director
was besieged with calls,
so he went up there early
to do some national interviews.
You know, CNN, ESPN.
In fact, if we're lucky,
he might mention us.
And the fact
that he's missing finals?
No, he's not missing anything.
I gave him the final as a take-home.
Oh, what are you
gonna give him this time, an A-plus?
Brandon, try to understand
that a successful athletic program
helps to pay
for the education you're receiving.
And the education
he's not receiving.
Is every one of his teachers
as athlete-friendly as you?
- Brandon...
- Well, what if his talent isn't enough?
What if he can't make it in the pros?
Then what does he got?
I'll tell you what he's got.
He's got a minimum wage job
in some Texas tire plant,
because he never got an education.
Look, Brandon, if you decide you want
to take more classes in Sociology,
I suggest you look
for another professor.
Well, at least
we finally agree on something.
So you didn't hear
any of my show last night?
I did like that blast
you did against classic rock radio.
- And you played Zeppelin anyway.
- Thanks, man.
I was in the groove all night.
So how about it?
- Did you get any sleep?
- Oh, excellent Z's.
And my break with Donna
is gonna be a good break
because we both care
about each other.
We worked some stuff out
this morning.
So, what do you say?
- What about your finals?
- I'm on top of it.
Come on, I have a whole bunch
of stuff I have to do tonight
and I just wanna keep
the pedal to the metal.
All right. I have a little bit left.
But listen, next time, you pay.
This stuff's not cheap.
Hey, be cool.
Thanks.
Artie, what's going on, man?
What are you and Mike cooking up?
Hopefully not you.
Watch your back.
I should have known.
What's the matter, wuss Sanders
complaining about playing time?
Like every other freshman.
Guys, relax.
I think Steve has bigger fish to fry.
Whales. I got whales to fry.
Hold on. We're trying to iron things
out, not start a war here, Sanders.
What's going on?
All right, Steve thinks
he was busted in Randall's office
because one of you guys
called the campus cops on him.
Oh, that just proves
besides being clumsy,
Sanders is also paranoid.
Campus security logged
an anonymous phone call that night.
I checked. It's true.
You were Hell Week pledge masters.
Talk to me.
Are you serious?
I'd never do that
to Steve or anyone else.
Keith, maybe you wouldn't...
You're asking for it, Sanders.
You probably
called the cops yourself.
Check this out.
The guy won't even
answer a question.
- He's guilty.
- I'm not guilty, I'm peeved.
That after all I've been through in four
years with this fraternity means squat!
How could you even consider
his word over mine?
John, if you didn't do it, fine, okay?
But if you did,
he's willing to accept an apology.
Doesn't have to go
beyond this room.
Apology?
How can I apologize
for something I didn't do?
- You did it.
- You're a liar, man!
- Hey, man, come on.
- Come on, man.
- Hold up. Hold on, hold on.
- Get off!
I'm claming my right to the test.
- Me too.
- You idiot.
- You don't even know what the test is.
- I don't care.
- As long as it's me against you.
- Well, you got that right.
Because when this goes
before the brothers,
the good news is,
you're out of this fraternity, pal.
We'll see.
David?
- What are you doing here?
- I wanted to make sure you were up.
Yeah, well, I'm up.
Well, I heard your show last night.
And I thought that bit about seeing
the children in the playground
being chased by the Grim Reaper,
I thought was really funny.
Well, it wasn't meant to be funny.
Well, I meant, I thought
it said a lot about the human condition.
But it was also a good laugh.
Thanks. I'll see you later.
You know, it was getting so late,
I was beginning to wonder
if you were gonna miss the whole day.
Not that's it's a bad day to sleep in,
if you know what I mean.
Actually, I'm pretty tired myself.
Donna, get off the bed.
Get off the bed.
What? What's wrong?
Listen, if you're so tired,
why don't you go to your own room?
You know, David,
I was just trying to be sweet.
I mean, you said things
would work out.
What do you want from me?
Donna.
Oh, God.
Dylan.
- I thought you guys left.
- No.
Not yet.
Not without apologizing.
I think I'm the one
who ought to be doing that.
No, you've been great.
Yesterday, I really overreacted.
I guess I was feeling sorry for myself
about not finding a job.
I just hate the idea
of being dependent on you.
Listen, I had no business asking you
about your Social Security number.
It only made your problem worse.
Think we can put it all behind us?
Could we?
Only if you take back this check.
Well, we were going
to take the Greyhound to Iowa.
I guess we can fly now. Thank you.
- You're still going?
- Just to tie up some loose ends.
And then we'll come back
and make a fresh start.
Mom, I don't wanna go back.
Honey, we're only
gonna go for a few days.
Can't I stay here with you?
Oh, no, Erica, no. Dylan has too much
to do to be taking care of you.
My last final's tomorrow.
And after that, I got a week off.
- You ever been to Magic Mountain?
- Magic Mountain!
Well, I guess that's settled.
Yeah, Magic Mountain.
David. David.
- What do you want?
- Well, I haven't seen you in a while.
I wanted to say, I was sorry to hear
about you and Donna breaking up.
Man, have you seen Howard?
Howard who?
Never mind.
Yeah, no problem.
What are friends for?
Howard, Howard.
I need your help, man.
You gotta hook me up for tonight.
- I'm tapped, man, cupboard is bare.
- Come on, man, I'm willing to pay.
I got 50 bucks.
Look, I got it right here.
Put that away, man.
Look at you. You look like
something my cat coughed up.
Well, can you help me?
I can make phone calls, but I'm not
gonna get anything till tomorrow night.
- Tomorrow night?
- Oh, boy, you are a mess.
Okay.
- You got any finals today?
- No.
Okay, good. Me neither.
We'll go hang with friends of mine.
Maybe one of them
will have some downers.
- That will take the edge off.
- Thanks, man, you're the best.
Could you get that? It's probably David
and he lost his keys again.
I don't even wanna see him,
no matter how sorry
he says he is about this morning.
Okay, okay.
Where's Silver?
Who knows?
Thank you for the hello.
I'm sorry. How you doing, Kelly?
Fine. Obviously
you're another story, huh?
- What are you looking for David for?
- It's been bugging me all day.
I tried to talk to him
at the Student Union,
but he blew me off like I'm invisible.
Well, at least
he didn't scream at you.
Look, I know we used to be close
at West Beverly.
Now that we're in college,
we've drifted a bit.
A lot of it is just
that you're in a fraternity and he's not.
For the moment.
- Why, what happened?
- Nothing, I gotta go.
No, Steve.
Now you're blowing us off.
We still need each other.
Why don't you stay for dinner?
What are we having?
Hey, kids, did you have fun?
Oh, we had a wonderful time.
It was very romantic.
Oh, he's just excited because
we made the early bird special
and we saved how much, hon?
Thirteen thirty-five,
but who's counting?
Brandon, how can you study
and listen to the radio?
That's not the radio, Dad, that's
a little audio wallpaper I've arranged.
Actually, I was listening
to the CU-San Francisco game.
- How we doing?
- Well, we're up by 12 at the half.
I had no idea CU
had turned into such a powerhouse.
Well, it would appear my good friend,
D'Shawn Hardell, has arrived.
He's already got 23 points,
four rebounds, six assists.
Pure average,
awesome night for him.
Oh, here we go.
All right, the teams are back
on the floor
and if the Dons are gonna
get back in this ballgame,
they gotta solve one...
I guess that's the end
of my romantic evening.
D'Shawn Hardell.
Here's the inbound pass,
the Condors control.
Marsden swings it over to Reed.
He draws a crowd
and spots Hardell.
Backdoor alley-oop for the slam.
- Yes.
- Nice.
Wait a second,
there's a pile up in the paint.
And it looks like the young CU star,
D'Shawn Hardell,
got submarined
coming down from that jam.
And he may be hurt.
The trainer's out there.
And it looks like
he may be calling for the stretcher.
A terrible break
for the electrifying young Hardell.
And boy, you can see it now,
it's his knee.
- Oh, man.
- That's trouble.
Oh, no more.
Thanks for listening
to my problems, guys.
I still think David's
gonna come crawling back, Donna.
Like I'd want him.
So how are you doing?
Dr. Taylor's taking all calls.
What's going on at the KEG house?
Tomorrow night,
we're holding the test.
- Ever hear of it?
- No.
Well, it's a variation
on the blackball ceremony.
It's me against Sears,
and one of us has to be voted out.
And you're afraid it's gonna be you?
How can I compete with this guy?
- He's a big man in the house.
- He's a toad.
Yeah, but he has a lot of friends.
Everyone else will be afraid
to vote against him.
Don't you have one person
that will stand up for you?
Yeah, but the fact remains that this
time tomorrow, I'll be an independent.
I'm sorry.
I just hope it's not unanimous.
I would like to walk
out of there with my head up.
Well, maybe it's for the best.
Hey.
Maybe I could move
into Silver's room.
If you'd have me?
Well, I've already had you.
Kel, if that's David and he's calling
to apologize, tell him I am not here.
I don't care what he says,
I don't care if he's begging,
- I'm not here, please, okay?
- Okay.
Hello.
Hi, Dylan.
That's very sweet.
Who am I kidding?
He's not calling.
He's not coming back.
He just doesn't care.
Donna...
Come on, Donna.
Come on.
So which essay topic did you do?
The alienation theme in Faulkner.
I should have chosen that one.
I'm feeling pretty alienated
myself lately.
Donna,
you're gonna get through it.
Yeah, well, thanks for letting me
use your room to study.
I just didn't wanna go back
to the apartment,
in case he's there.
I'm glad I could be here for you.
- Thanks.
- Come on.
Okay.
I must have left the door unlocked.
Jesse, oh, I missed you so much.
Who let you in here, huh?
I'm gonna be a lawyer, right?
Well, the one thing I can do is talk.
Your new resident advisor
is a big, big improvement.
I know we said no contact.
But I couldn't stay away any longer.
Well, I'd better be going.
No, Donna, don't, I'm sorry...
You remember Jesse, don't you?
- Sure.
- Nice to see you again, Donna.
Hi. You too.
Nice to see you again, Andrea.
Nice to see you.
Well, you know, I did.
Well, I hope Mom is better on a plane
than she was on the bus.
On the trip out here,
every time we transferred,
she was convinced
we were on the wrong one.
And I'd have to double check
with the driver, of course.
Well, something tells me
she might get by without you.
Although, I don't know how,
I don't know how I ever did.
She'll find somebody to help her.
She always does, you know.
Yeah.
Do you think my mother's pretty?
Of course I do. You know that.
Do you think I'm gonna be as pretty
as she is?
Sweetheart,
you are gonna be a knockout.
Dylan, I really want you to like us.
Well, I do like you.
I mean, I like you an awful lot.
If I didn't like you, I wouldn't hit you
with this pillow all the time.
What are you talking about?
When you and Mom got in that fight,
it really scared me.
Listen, we're family now.
You and me.
And there are always gonna be
some bumps along the way.
Well, I hope you won't get angry at me
when I tell you what I did.
I'm not gonna like this
very much, am I?
I went into my mom's purse
when she wasn't looking.
I got something for you.
What?
Her Social Security card.
I only did it
because I knew you wanted it.
Are you mad at me?
The Shaq,
who's covered off to Nick Anderson.
Anderson drives through the paint
and hits...
- D'Shawn.
- Hey, coz.
Quite a game tonight. He's got...
- You heard about it?
- Yeah, I was listening to the game.
Sorry.
We were up by 14 and lose by 10.
Someone could say
you were the difference.
- Great first half.
- Yeah.
Then in the second half,
what do I do?
Out of the gate,
I sky when I shouldn't have.
I didn't have to jam it home.
I could have just went off the glass,
but no, I had to showboat.
Come on, man. This isn't the time
to get down on yourself.
Right.
I got months to get into that.
Maybe a lifetime.
Come on, man, you're not
the first guy that ever went down.
What'd the doctor say?
Surgery.
- Arthroscopic, you understand?
- Yeah.
They say I'm through for the season.
Who knows how long
I'll be on those sticks.
Well, if anyone can make it back,
you can.
I'm gonna try, but I gotta be realistic.
No NBA team's gonna go first round
for any college guy
whose wheels come off.
Till you can prove them wrong,
you'll just have to concentrate
on being a scholar.
Here it comes.
I figured you'd be dogging me
about not showing for the test.
But I did it, man.
Between interviews,
I had the PR director fedex it back.
Although I don't think I did too well.
I think you did all right.
I ran into Randall this morning.
He asked me to give you this.
You got a C.
I got a C.
You met your eligibility requirement
all by yourself.
- It's a hell of a start, man.
- Yeah.
Except if I don't play, all those perks
I have, including a tutor, are history.
I think you'll be fine.
If I need a buddy to study with,
you'll still be around?
You're stuck with me, man.
But next time, you'll get a B, huh?
Yeah.
Hey.
- Yeah.
- It's cool.
Hey, John, come on.
Everyone's already in.
Let's get this over with.
Afterwards,
we'll go get something to eat.
You bet.
I just wish I could figure it out.
Figure what out?
- Who did call security that night?
- Are you serious?
I did.
That makes no sense. If you didn't
want Sanders in the house,
then you could've blocked him
when he was a pledge.
Why would you go
to all this trouble?
After he messed me up with Kelly
and that stunt he pulled
at the Downey house,
man, he deserves to suffer.
Now let's bury him.
Before you sit
John Sears and Steve Sanders.
Sanders claims that John
was responsible
for his arrest during hazing.
John denies it.
It's one brother's word
against another.
Now, you've each
received one black ball.
When your turn comes to vote,
you will drop the ball
into one of the bowls.
You must vote
against one brother or the other.
There will be no abstentions.
The brother
with the most black balls
will be dropped
immediately from the fraternity.
And remember, a fraternity
is only as strong as its members.
From now until the end,
your silence is expected.
There will be no talking
until the last ball is dropped.
Let us begin.
Hold it. What are you doing, man?
Is this some kind of joke?
- No talking.
- No. He made a mistake.
- Pick it up, Keith.
- I can't.
- That's enough.
- I'm sorry, John.
If you'd set up Steve, what's to say
you won't do the same to us?
Shut up. Continue the vote.
Are you burning the midnight oil,
or are you listening to David?
At least I know where he is.
I still can't believe
he didn't come home today.
He'll be back tomorrow.
Yeah, well, for someone who caused
it all, he sure isn't taking it too well.
You know,
you should really get some sleep.
Kel, what should I do?
I mean, I don't even think sex
is the issue anymore.
What's left for me?
Dye my hair?
- Donna...
- Get a boob job? What?
I'm being serious.
He was so mean
to me yesterday, Kel.
Just tell me what I'm doing wrong.
That was a dynamite cut...
What was it?
Never mind.
Shoot, where's the...?
Hold on.
Way to be prepared, David.
Stop, it's gotta be rough on him,
doing the show and taking finals.
Oh, yeah, there are some new testing
times that you should know about.
Damn it. Hold on.
Listen to him. He's falling apart.
Maybe I should just move out now
before I completely ruin him.
Donna, I don't think
that you're David's problem.
I've been watching him all week,
and I think that something's got him.
And it's not too much coffee.
Like what?
Like drugs.
David? No way.
No, when my mom went into relapse,
she acted just like this.
She had huge mood swings,
acting all secretive all the time.
Oh, great. What are you saying?
- I've driven him to drugs now?
- No, I didn't mean it like that.
Look, I'm probably wrong, okay?
It's just that he's been acting
so strange.
Well, couldn't it be that...
That he's hurting
just as much as I am?
You're right, that's probably it.
Hi, this is Howard. Leave a message
or call me at the station.
Howard, where the hell are you?
Right here.
Jeez, I said I was coming.
Yeah, before the show, man.
I've been dying out here.
- Where's the stuff?
- Listen, Silver, I am not a dealer.
- Don't treat me like one.
- Okay, fine, I'm sorry.
Just please, tell me you have it.
Will you get a grip?
Crank's not an everyday drug.
It will fry your brain.
- Now you tell me.
- I thought you could handle it.
I can. Look, I just have to
get through the week, okay?
So I can get on with my life.
Do you want a hit?
I have some extra juice.
No. And don't come to me
for drugs anymore, all right?
Because I don't wanna
be worrying about you.
No worries.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org